mvcc: abort duplicates after rollback (#11662)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-11686-mvcc-insert-after-delete-may-cause-duplicates.md

## bugfix/mvcc

* Fixed an MVCC bug when a transaction performing insert-after-delete with the

>   same primary key (e.g., `delete{4}` followed by `insert{4, 3}`) could create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  same primary key (for example, `delete{4}` followed by `insert{4, 3}`) could create
```
